Finny fixes to be done: URGENT - 

CLASSIFICATION - 
Classification layer many times gets failed due to 400 Open Router error. I dont know, sometimes it works, 
but quite a few times either it gets hanged or it fails or it gives a 400 error. 
But that only happens sometimes, even though I dont change anything in that. Is it a model issue or what issue is that?

And also in the classification layer, sometimes it doesn't realize that the query might need a web search (like if a user asks, "What is the Roth IRA limit?"). 
Those things change every year, so we should definitely go for web search. Sometimes it gives me the web research as false, so it should carefully analyze those.

Let's remove the `needs_calc` parameter as we are not even using that in the Finny file anywhere. 
Analyze that and let me know if you are using it or not and remove it?

And also analyze and tell me how entities are being used and if yes, then where and how.

GOALS
It confuses sometimes whenever I ask it `What are my current goals?` It goes into the goal creation mode and confuses that simple question with goal creation mode and asks me `What do I want to name my goals?`

SPENDING - 
TBD

CHAT -
Update the progress status in more details like not just high-level looking up the data or looking up the web or getting your transactions. 
Add more progress status as Finny works through things like understanding our question and then taking a look at your transactions or taking a look at your net worth. 
If possible, add it. Otherwise, the current version is fine for progress status.

TIMING -
Set a timeout system like dont be on work for more than 13-14 seconds for an answer. 
If you dont get an answer, give a basic answer of `Sorry, I wasnt able to do some thing` or bla bla. 
Do not keep thinking for so long I dont want it to be more than 13-14 seconds.`

SESSION - 
Make sure that `sessionSummary` is run after sending the response to the user. 
Then, if it is the same chat, just add that summary in the user context for the next question or query of the user.